so
[Music]
ah hi there we're the seo police
we look out for businesses websites
we're on the lookout right now to make
sure that there's no dodgy seo practices
going on so what did you get up to the
weekend mate
oh just a usually mate took the little
one out to football practice
in the morning then we headed up with a
bit of swimming
[Music]
yeah we've had a lead that the black cat
seo guy has been operating he's been
doing dodgy practices
trying to get businesses ranked google
in a really bad way
and i know he's around here we've just
seen him passive
[Music]
[Applause]
when it comes to seo apart from buying
tons of links
to getting downrank on google another
one is duplicate content so just ripping
content off other people's sites or
vlogs of articles then reposting it on
your own site it's going to send signals
to google that there's a duplication
there's a copy and ultimately it's going
to give your site a four ranking to come
up with a fresh
well-written
unique informative copy to get a better
position on google
[Music]
[Applause]
hi chief yeah black seo guy has just
gone in the shop as soon as he comes out
we'll take him down yes sir
we're gonna get him
[Music]
whatever you do don't be like the
blackout seo guy seo is a long term
victory
typically unless you're a really small
niche business it might take several
months to get ranked on google if you
need short-term results you could always
consider pay-per-click google adwords to
get a short-term hit of inbound web
traffic and sales leads to keep your
business ticking along whilst the seo
gains take place
[Music]
get down
chief
yep
yep we've got eyes on him the suspect's
in the building
we're just waiting for it
yeah i'll give you a shout as soon as
you got him
right so we've got eyes on the seo
criminal we're just waiting for the
green light and we're gonna go and bust
it
yep
yep all right we're ready we're on it
we got the green light go go
[Music]
[Applause]
three two
[Music]
the seo criminal's been apprehended
remember if you're gonna do seo avoid
buying dodgy backlinks
avoid buying tons and tons of them
because they can harm your website and
they can harm your organic rankings on
google don't be like this guy
[Music]
don't be like
the seo black hat guy
because you'll go down
[Music]
let's get them out
when it comes to your seo strategy don't
spray and pray focus on the keywords
where someone's searching for it they
actually need help with your product or
service so there's intent there so for
example if you offered crm perhaps
someone searches best crm provider or cm
provider so you've got high intent to
actually go on your website and convert
into a sales opportunity don't just
guess what people are searching for